rec: implement a way to disallow throtteling of auths (#7480)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/settings.rst

Which domains we only accept delegations from (a Verisign special).

.. _setting-dont-throttle-names:

``dont-throttle-names``
----------------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.2.0

-  Comma separated list of domain-names
-  Default: (empty)

> When an authotitative server does not answer a query or sends a reply the recursor does lot like, it is throttled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an authoritative server does not answer a query or sends a reply the recursor does not like, it is throttled.
```

Any servers' name suffix-matching the supplied names will never be throttled.

.. warning::

>   Most servers on the internet do not respond for a good reason (overloaded or unreachable), ``dont-throttle-names`` could make this load on the upstream server even higher, resulting in further service degredation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Most servers on the internet do not respond for a good reason (overloaded or unreachable), ``dont-throttle-names`` could make this load on the upstream server even higher, resulting in further service degradation.
```

.. _setting-dont-throttle-netmasks:

``dont-throttle-netmasks``
----------------------------
.. versionadded:: 4.2.0

-  Comma separated list of netmasks
-  Default: (empty)

> When an authotitative server does not answer a query or sends a reply the recursor does lot like, it is throttled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an authoritative server does not answer a query or sends a reply the recursor does not like, it is throttled.
```

Any servers matching the supplied netmasks will never be throttled.

This can come in handy on lossy networks when forwarding, where the same server is configured multiple times (e.g. with ``forward-zones-recurse=example.com=192.0.2.1;192.0.2.1``).
By default, the PowerDNS Recursor would throttle the "first" server on a timeout and hence not retry the "second" one.
In this case, ``dont-throttle-netmasks`` could be set to ``192.0.2.1``.

.. warning::

>   Most servers on the internet do not respond for a good reason (overloaded or unreachable), ``dont-throttle-netmasks`` could make this load on the upstream server even higher, resulting in further service degredation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Most servers on the internet do not respond for a good reason (overloaded or unreachable), ``dont-throttle-netmasks`` could make this load on the upstream server even higher, resulting in further service degradation.
```
